Welcome to the SC 20 Panel: TBBA
Task-Based Algorithms and Applications
and before we start with the outline, I like to introduce myself. I'm Patrick Diehl
a research scientist at Louisiana State University
and I work at the Center for Computation and Technology
and I will be the moderator for today's panel and
I will guide you through the panel. This is the panel's outline
outline. We will have a quick introduction of our
7 panelist. And after that we have a 5 minutes talk
where we give an introduction of  asynchronous many
tasks systems. So all of our audience is familiar
with the basic fundamental terms of asynchronous many tasks
systems. And since you have three people from three
different AMTs here in our panel. We will have
have introduction to Charm++. We will have
to talk about Julia programming language and the last talk
will be about C + + standard library for parallism
and currency. And after we have some state-of-the-art
introduction of the three AMTs we will have the panel's
chosen questions. And after this we will have a live
part of this virtual panel where we will have some questions
and answers from the audience. And so all panelists
will be happy to answer your additional questions,
which we could not have during the panel. Okay.
This is today's outline and now will go to
the introduction of the panelist. And the first panelist
we have today is Laxmikant V. Kale from University
of Illinois. So let us welcome Laxmikant
and please introduce
yourself. I go by Sanjay, Sanjay Kale, University
of Illinois and Charm works and I am working in parallel computing more than 35 years.
I work on adaptive runtime systems, Charm++, and a variety of science and engineering applications. Ok, thank you for your introduction.
Our second panelist is Irina P. Demeshko from Los
Alamos National Laboratory. So let us welcome Irina.
Please introduce yourself. Hi, everybody.
I am Irina Demeshko, a computational scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory.
I am working in HPC for 16 years now. But the last 4 years with task-based runtime systems. That is all, thank you. Thanks for your introduction.
So third panelist is Bryce Adelstein Lelbach
from NVIDIA. So let us welcome Bryce and please
introduce yourself. Hey everyone, so I work at NVIDIA
where I work on Cuda and our HPC compiler stack and I
lead our C++ core compute libraries team. I'm
also the chair of the US standards committee for
programming languages and the chair of the C++
standard committees library evolution in
the context of this panel before I was at Nvidia.
I worked at LSU with Hartmut on the HPX parallel run
time system. Okay. Thanks for your introduction. Panelist
number four his Hartmut Kaiser from Louisiana
State University. Let us welcome Hartmut, and please introduce
yourself. My name is Hartmut Kaiser. I'm a research professor
and scientist at the Centre of Computation and Technology
at LSU. I'm working or I'm leading the
Stellar research group and our main focus is the development
of HPX as one of the AMTs we will talk about today
and its application in scientific computing and machine
learning problems. Okay. Thanks for your introduction.
As panelist number five we have Zarah Khatami
from Oracle. So let us welcome Zahra Sarah and Zahra,
please introduce yourself. Thanks Patrick, this
is Zahra. Hi everyone. I have been collaborating
with HPX team and since PhD and the main project
if I was involved was to  optimize the performance
of parallel HPX algorithms  using ML techniques on top of dynamic and static information from algorithms. When I graduated
my PhD, I join Oracle and I've been involved in designing
and developing this year with assistance at Oracle.
Thank you for your introduction. As a panelist number
6. We have Keno Fisher from Julia Computing Inc.
So let us welcome Keno, and please introduce
yourself? Yeah, thanks Patrick. My name is Keno
Fisher. I'm the co-founder and CEO at Julia Computing
which is sort of the company behind the development
of the Julia programming language. I've been working
on the past eight years on Julia and my focus at Julia Computing
is on the compiler stack and a lot of systems integration
as well as targeting HPC applications. So I have been involved
in some of the larger use cases of Julia on the larger supercomputers as well as pushing our technology in those directions. I will tell you something about that injust a few minutes.  Thank you for
your introduction. And our 7th panelist is Alice
Koniges from University of Hawaii. So let us welcome
Alice and Alice, please introduce yourself. Hi,
I'm Alice Koniges. And in this context of this panel
I serve on the OpenMP Architectural Review Board
for the University of Hawaii. And I also been doing
that represent the interests of the Maui high performance
Computing Center. And generally the US Department
of defense's HPC modernization program. And since
OpenMP  isn't directly mentioned in some of the
following talks. I just wanted to say a few things at the
general mission of the Architectural Review Board
for openmp is to further and maintain the standard
and OpenMP was originally introduced as a work
sharing model. However starting as early as 2008
tasking was introduced into the standard and so openmp
supports not our only standard workshare models,
but also tasking and most of the available context
the major focus of openmp. However is on the shared
memory nodes rather than working across the entire cluster and
there's quite a difference is there but there many
possibilities within the tasking models of openmp.
You can plan task work sharing and so on and you have
all the most of the bells and whistles of all tasking models.
Thank you. Okay. Thanks for the introduction.